# Reference Taxonomy Working Group Minutes

Meeting: Reference taxonomy meeting Location: Bucharest/Internet 26/05/2020

# Round of intro

## Attendees coverage and WG members status update
- CERT.AT - usint RSIT
- CIRCL - using RSIT , ask to be notified for newer versions
- ESP DEF CERT - not yet using RSIT
- Alef - not yet using RSIT
- Terna  -  kick off possible translations 
- Litnet -  - using RSIT and RSIT part of incident management framework
- Fujitsu -  evangelizing RSIT in .jp teams
- THA-CERT - using RSITprobably there is a translation in french
- SWITCH - using RSIT
- GOVCERTLU - implementation phase of  RSIT
- Telia -  using first version of RSIT
- CERT_BUND - - using RSIT in IntelMQ
- RESTENA - using RSIT
- FCT|FCCN - implementation phase of  RSIT
- CESNET - implementation phase of  RSIT

## New attendees
- Santander - using RSIT
- MOD UK  
- CUDESO
 

## Available translated version taxonomy
- Lithuanian
- Portuguese
- German
- French (TBC)
- Italian (TBC)

# Actions from previous meeting


##  CERT-AT + ENISA + CESNET .CZ +PT to provide proposal of guideline to add RSIT to get started / how to deal with obsolete and multiple values 

Additional input was provided by CERT-AT before the meeting.
Discussion on how to keep it simple and repeatable 
suggestion to classify accordingly to the intent of the incident. example Spam and phishing: phishing is the mean. this allow the use of multiple categories.
all agree:
1st one is intent (time dependent) and the rest are the transport mechanisms

**Bucharest / Internet Action: update the doc accordingly, please edit this https://github.com/enisaeu/Reference-Security-Incident-Taxonomy-Task-Force/blob/master/Documentation/howtogetstarted.md** 


## INCIBE to check possible MISP translation field
INCIBE not present

## All members to provide aggregate numbers of items in each category (and if possible type) for 2019 01-12 so WG can check if the fields are exhaustive or we need to refine some  
This re adjourned after it is agreed a standardized way to count.

**Bucharest / Internet Action: all agree to define a common way to count and then run again the exercise. After ENISA will setup a form for data collection**

## CERT-AT to share unique identifier with the WG
pending 

## All members to investigate interaction with other formats and tools and share it with the WG
pending

## CESNET .CZ to propose idea for a script regarding machine readable format
closed .  need additional background

## Discussion on the ML -  Malware DGA Domain proposal
discussed again based on the mailing list input
preliminary vote
 1.should we have a Malware DGA Domain ?
        A.yes           4/21 ( 19%)
        B.no            7/21 ( 33%)
        C.I dunno       0/21 (  0%)
No Answer  10/21 ( 48%)

members agree more discussion is needed and also to clarify in what type on example and detail we need to cover 

**Bucharest / Internet Action: all agree to add incident and event in the use cases and after this return on the decision on malware DGA** 

## Add system-compromise #59
all agree to close 
**Bucharest / Internet Action:all agree to close** 

## Transposition of RSIT, once finalised, into a formal Standard

Proposal for transposition of RSIT into a formal Standard. 
Possible standardisation would be as Informative Annex in  ISO/IEC 27035-3  "Information security incident management - Part 3: Guidelines for ICT incident response operations. 

Recommendation for the better fit for RSIT would be within the ISO/IEC Information security incident management series (ISO/IEC 27035), various parts of which are currently in Draft.

Offer to liason RSIT in https://www.iso.org/committee/45306.html ISO/IEC Expert Committee (JTC1 SC27 WG4). 

The next SC27 WG4 meeting will happen before the next RSIT WG: I would need to know whether to raise the issue at such a meeting by mid-August 2020.

**Bucharest / Internet Action: provide feedback regarding offer to liaison RSIT in https://www.iso.org/committee/45306.html ISO/IEC Expert Committee (JTC1 SC27 WG4) by 30/07**

# Actions for the next meeting:
- All agree for the multiple values that 1st one is intent (time dependent) and the rest are the transport mechanisms. all agree to update the doc accordingly before next meeting
- All agree to define a common way to count and then run again the exercise accordingly before next meeting 
- All agree to add incident and event in the use cases and after this return on the decision on malware DGA
- All provide feedback regarding offer to liaison RSIT possible standardisation as - Informative Annex in  ISO/IEC 27035-3  "Information security incident management - Part 3: Guidelines for ICT incident response operations- by 30/07

