# Reference Taxonomy Working Group Minutes

Meeting: Reference taxonomy meeting Location: Internet 29/09/2020

# Round of intro

## Attendees coverage and WG members status update
 
- Nestle - implementation phase of  RSIT
- GOVCERT.LU - using RSIT
- Thales - using RSIT
- MOD UK Head of Delegation to ISO/IEC JTC1 SC27 WG4 - update in email to ML
- ALEF-CSIRT - using RSIT
- Cudeso - using RSIT
- EC DIGIT CSIRC - using modified version
- NRD - using RSIT
- SWITCH - using RSIT
- CERT-SE - using RSIT and notifies translation in SE
- CERT.AT - using RSIT

## New attendees
- Intrinsec - willing to translate the taxonomy in French

## Available translated version taxonomy
- Lithuanian
- Portuguese
- German
- Swedish
- French (TBC)
- Italian (TBC)

# Working group participation
Point is raised on the division of the work and how to divide the work for the following items:
- GitHub 
- Data collection
- Taxonomy versioning after each meeting 
- Minutes 

No input on the above

# Actions from previous meeting

## Multiple values
Action from previous meeting: all agree for the multiple values that 1st one is intent (time dependent) and the rest are the transport mechanisms. all agree to update the doc accordingly before next meeting

Document updated https://github.com/enisaeu/Reference-Security-Incident-Taxonomy-Task-Force/blob/master/Documentation/howtogetstarted.md 

## Data collection
Action from previous meeting: all agree to define a common way to count and then run again the exercise accordingly before next meeting 
Input received during the 61st Internet meeting:
- classification should focus on column 1, as it is the one that enables us to generate indicators
- RSIT members should provide detail if incident or event are represented
- all agree to rerun exercise on 2020 data
 
## Incident and event
Action from previous meeting: all agree to add incident and event in the use cases and after this return on the decision on malware DGA
Input received during the 61st Internet meeting:
- discussion on the generic definitions of incidents and events
- interested RSIT members should provide a definition of events and incident before the next meeting

## Standardization
Action from previous meeting: all provide feedback regarding offer to liaison RSIT possible standardisation as - Informative Annex in  ISO/IEC 27035-3  "Information security incident management - Part 3: Guidelines for ICT incident response operations- by 30/07

Completed - see email update on the ML
Â 
## pull requests from last meeting
Input received during the 61st Internet - see relevant pull request


# Actions from 61st TF-CSIRT Virtual meeting 

- Interested RSIT members should work on a proposal to map RSIT with ATT&CK Matrix and report at the next meeting
- All agree to run data colleciton exercise on 2020 data before next meeting 
- Interested RSIT members should provide a definition of events and incident before the next meeting

