# Reference Taxonomy Working Group Minutes

Meeting: Reference taxonomy meeting Location: Internet 26/05/2021

## Attendees coverage
- ENISA
- ALEF 
- INCIBE-CERT
- OTRS
- RedIRIS
- CERT.AT
- CERT.PT
- CESNET
- SWITCH
- CSIRT.UMINHO
- CIRCL

## Agenda
- WG members status update
- Review of pull requests
- Discussion on tools and minutes 
-	Any Other Businesss

Asks participants for any points to be added to the agenda.

## discussion points 
- Terminology related to CEO Fraud / False representation / Impersonation and type f scams https://www.scamwatch.gov.au/types-of-scams
- WG organization: proposal to collectively take minutes from the next meeting. Evaluating the possibility to use  https://hdoc.csirt-tooling.org/ 

## Review of pending pull requests :

# Closed 
- https://github.com/enisaeu/Reference-Security-Incident-Taxonomy-Task-Force/pull/93 
- https://github.com/enisaeu/Reference-Security-Incident-Taxonomy-Task-Force/pull/94 rejected 
- https://github.com/enisaeu/Reference-Security-Incident-Taxonomy-Task-Force/pull/101 covered already by "Weak Cryptography" and "information disclosure" and "Potentially Unwanted Accessible Services" 
- https://github.com/enisaeu/Reference-Security-Incident-Taxonomy-Task-Force/pull/103 
- https://github.com/enisaeu/Reference-Security-Incident-Taxonomy-Task-Force/pull/104 

# Open - to be resolved / waiting for further input
- https://github.com/enisaeu/Reference-Security-Incident-Taxonomy-Task-Force/pull/106 
- https://github.com/enisaeu/Reference-Security-Incident-Taxonomy-Task-Force/pull/105 
- https://github.com/enisaeu/Reference-Security-Incident-Taxonomy-Task-Force/pull/102 
- https://github.com/enisaeu/Reference-Security-Incident-Taxonomy-Task-Force/pull/100 
- https://github.com/enisaeu/Reference-Security-Incident-Taxonomy-Task-Force/pull/99 
- https://github.com/enisaeu/Reference-Security-Incident-Taxonomy-Task-Force/pull/98
- https://github.com/enisaeu/Reference-Security-Incident-Taxonomy-Task-Force/pull/96
- https://github.com/enisaeu/Reference-Security-Incident-Taxonomy-Task-Force/pull/95

# Actions for next meeting:

-	RSIT members to review open pull requests and provide input 
 
Closure of the meeting. 
